Frost Descent is the 8th solar term on the Chinese lunar calendar, and the Frost Descent this year falls on Thursday, October 24. As the last solar term in autumn, Frost Descent is considered as a transition from autumn to winter. From now on, the frost starts to creep across the land, and dew will start becoming icy due to the lower temperature. This time, for the Frost Descent, our flower arrangement designer Cherry Ran prepared a cool-colored flower arrangement for us. Ran chose burning bush, silver ragwort, and fruits from the swamp mahogany and cotton. The silver ragwort and fruits from the swamp mahogany both look as though they are covered with frost, so they are very suitable for this time of the year. Cotton is included because they are harvested during this time of the year. And Ran chose dried burning bush to represent the withered grass. Ran picked a flat vessel with a dark color tone, since its dark color is just like Frost Descent at night. The flower is adjusted with some placed higher and some lower. In some parts of China, people eat red persimmon during Frost Descent, which is considered to be a good food to keep warm and strengthen bone health. In some places, people believe not eating persimmons on Frost Descent day will lead to dry and cracked lips all winter. It is also chrysanthemum blooming time. Flower appreciation while drinking wine is also a tradition, as parks and chrysanthemum exhibition will be held for people to enjoy the "flower of longevity." During this period of time, many people go for hikes to catch the sights from mountain tops. It is believed that hiking can increase the cerebral blood flow and strengthen the physical prevention and treatment of diseases. Leaves will turn golden, yellow and red, and the bright colors are a visual feast. Among those leaves, maple leaves are the most popular, and has become a major event for many parks as well. Editor: Yang Meng Copy editor: Vanessa Gu Chief editors: Zhou Zongxing Video editor: Zhang Dian Cover image: Yu Peng Executive producer: Zhang Xiaohe Producer: Si Nan Supervisor: Zhang Shilei